STRATPLAN BRIEFING
Timestamp: 01/00:00:00
Subject: Operation Nightfall
Classified: TOP SECRET R7 NTK/EO

I know that Admiral Caldott usually does these briefings, but this situation is unusual. I wanted to make it clear to everyone that this information is coming from the highest possible authority. Also, please notice that the briefing classification has been increased to the maximum security level - TS/R7.

To state the matter succinctly, Operation Firestorm was not the strategic success we once believed it to be. Force:Intel field agents have been searching the occupied Hegemony systems for months, looking for any sign of either the Haichan Technite or the Borovan Archaelith. Until recently they had come up completely dry. There had been no evidence that any of the missing contraband had ever been within the borders of either Korius or Kolchev.

Last week, we got our first break. Traces of Technite were found at a customs depot in Volova sector, Kolchev. The trace deposits did not appear to have been further refined, and there was still no sign of the Borovan Archaelith. Force:Intel agents employed heightened interrogation methods on the customs personnel to determine that the Technite had already been shipped out of Kolchev to the Garrison system.

Garrison is a major military stronghold for the Hegemony, only two jumps away from the Marak system itself. We believe that if the Technite was sent there, the Borovan Archaelith must also be on its way. We cannot estimate how long we have before the Hegemony will be able to produce a Quantum Disruptor weapon system.

We are therefore commencing Operation Nightfall to recover the artifacts from the Garrison system. Our first task is to gain control of the Radix and Isham star systems. Force First Fleet will take the northern route and secure the Isham system, while Second Fleet flanks them to the south through the Radix system. Our combined forces must converge on the Garrison system as soon as they can manage it.

This will not be an easy task. We need maximum effort from every member of Force involved in this campaign. Good luck.

Fleet Admiral A. Evars,
FORCOM Commander
