STRATPLAN BRIEFING
Timestamp: $TIME
Subject: Status of Marak Prime
Classified: TOP SECRET R7 NTK/EO

Well, obviously this has not gone as we had planned.

As far as we can tell, the Zolon Empire has completely annihilated the human population of the Marak System.  Every Marakan warship and civilian vessel we have encountered has been found drifting dead in space.  There is no sign of intelligent life anywhere on the planet's surface.  Everywhere we turn there are only more Zolons.

Until today, that is.  A few hours ago, every Zolon ship within sensor range disappeared.  We believe they simply used their peculiar FTL drives to go home, back to the core Zolon systems, where ever that is.  Frankly, if that is the case, we are lucky this stopped when it did.  Their weapon systems are far more powerful than we could have thought possible.  They took a devastating toll on our forces in just a few days.

At this point, we seem to be out of options.  President Valmar has recalled all of our remaining fleets back to Alliance space.  We are going to leave a small Force:Intel detachment here to try to search Marak Prime for some evidence of the Borovan Archaelith, or at least some clue as to why the Zolon Empire chose this moment to decimate the human population here.  The Zolon Empire may not view the distinction between the Alliance and the Hegemony with the same gravity that we do.  It is possible that they have decided to wipe out all humans in the Blue Drift region.

For now, we are going to continue to run patrols to look for survivors, but I expect we will all be shipping out within the next forty hours.

For the time being, please remember that everything that has happened in the past ten days is classified TOP SECRET R7/NTK.  If any members of the press approach you, refer them to your superior officers, or to my office directly.  I'm sure there will be a board of inquiry convened when we get back, and we want to keep the unfounded rumors to a minimum until they have completed their investigation.

Thank you all.

Fleet Admiral A. Evars,
FORCOM Commander
